108874994292031246
@nutmeg @iamsambarton I hope you do realize that THE ENTIRE IDEA of a "personal carbon footprint" or the individual being responsible for climate change was a coup BY the oil industry (and more precisely, the BP company). 
They spread that idea to push the responsibility for the climate change away from themselves, away from the industry, off to the small people so that they could continue on as usual without having to change anything.
And that's exactly what is being humorized in this post.
@aroom I don't have a car, haven't flown anywhere in the past 15 years, have never been on a cruiseship in my entire life and try to buy stuff used and locally whereever possible.
And yet none of that will make even the slightest difference if rich people and big corporations who are disproportionally responsible for the negative effects on the climate won't change how they operate.
Thinking that the individual could affect or even change what they do in any meaningful way is just delusional.
@aroom That's what I meant with delusional.
Rich people like the Kardashians do not care what "normal people" like us do.You could form groups as much as you want.They won't even notice it.
And they won't be affected by the climate change anyways.They will just move somewhere colder, hoard resources, build bigger houses and higher walls around them.And continue to live on like they always did.
@iamsambarton Even if we changed the laws...
When has that ever really stopped a rich person from doing whatever the fuck they want?
They hire more lawyers, find a loophole in the laws and continue on like always.
@aroom You purposely misunderstood me.
I'm not against individual responsibility at all.I'm just saying that in the grand picture of the climate crisis it simply will not make a difference.
If you do those things you do it to feel better about yourself, just like I do.
Since I am not rich and surely never will be the question you asked there is kinda pointless.Also I am German, unions are an integral part of our society here.
So please, keep those dumb strawman arguments to yourself.
@iamsambarton what also really annoys me about a lot of these things is the extreme greenwashing.
And paper straws are some of the worst offenders.
Sure they aren't made out of plastic anymore.Only that paper requires even more energy than plastic during manufacturing.
And to be at least somewhat fluid resistant the paper is usually drenched in glue which, as recent research showed, often contains "forever chemicals" which accumulate in our body and do who knows what kinda long-term damage.
@iamsambarton One report about that topic:https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0045653521007074
Those straws are in many cases even worse for the environment than the old plastic ones, both in their manufacturing and from the waste they create.
The proper alternative are either no straws at all or reusable metal or glass ones.
@nachtet I bought some metal straws for cocktails (it's just nicer for those).
They came with a long thin brush that fits inside the straws.It's really easy to clean them out.
@xChaos that is by far the weirdest take I have ever read on here...
Corporations being stupid machines that don't act on their own is not even remotely what the reality looks like.Corporations, or more like, the people that control them, act on their own all the time.
That's literally how lobbyism works.
@xChaos Yes, some of the demand is real.But even if the demand goes away, who do you think will make the "alternative" product?
There's almost no way of truly "escaping" those corporations without moving into a forest and living off the land by yourself.
The paper straws are the best example.They were created by chemical corporations to circumvent the plastic straw ban.
And they still contain bad chemicals (in some cases even more than plastic straws) that are bad for the environment.
@xChaos Your viewpoint on how corporations work is way too optimistic and completely out of touch with the actual reality.
Here's just an example to show you how wrong you are:
Monsanto.Arguably one of the worst offenders of the biochemical industry, created a crop that can not be naturally re-grown on it's own.Makes no sense right?
Well not for the farmers at least.It very much does so for Monsanto.
Because now farmers have to constantly buy new crops from them instead of regrowing them
@xChaos But why would any farmer ever buy those crop from Monsanto?
Would be pretty stupid putting yourself into such a position of dependency with a large corporation.
Simple.Monsanto just lobbyed the governments of south america to make it basically illegal to use any other naturally re-growable crops.
There was no demand for such a product.They plain and simple created it themselves by using their money and the power that comes with it.
That's the reality we live in.
@xChaos Corporations always acting in the faith of the consumers is a pipedream.
That's what it should be, yes.
But that's not what the reality looks like nowadays.Not even close.
If there is no demand for their product?They simply create it themselves, either through abusive marketing or through extensive lobbying in our governments.
And if they want, they can even make the governments write laws just for them.